README.md, before:

# _React Template_

## _DO NOT TOUCH THE `Webpack-dev-server` dependency unless you know what your doing. If you update it there will be errors that break the application!_

#### _This is a template using webpack for React, 04/15/19_

#### By _**Ryan McLean**_

## Description

_This is a template that has been created for anyone to use. Clone it down and it will work. This template also includes scss styling_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Run `git clone https://github.com/Lilkgb/react-template` in your terminal of choice_
* _Navigate to where you put the folder inside your terminal and run `npm install`_
* _After the install is complete you can run `npm run start` to see a live version of the website._


## Known Bugs

_If you run `npm run lint` on pc you will get `Expected linebreaks to be 'LF' but found 'CRLF'`. It doesn't break the code and will still run correctly when you run `npm run start`_

## Support and contact details

_Please contact Ryan McLean at rmcleandev@gmail.com_

## Technologies Used

_scss_
_Webpack_
_React_
_eslint_
_AOS_

### License

*This Software is Licensed under the MIT License.*

Copyright (c) 2019 **_Ryan McLean_**

Commit message:

update title and description in readme

README.md, after:

# _Tap Room_

#### _Creating a Tap Room website using react, 04/19/19_

#### By _**Ryan McLean**_

## Description

_This is a webpage that will be a work in progress. The Objective is to create a tap room style website that is functions with good design. You'll be able to view the company's current stock of beer on tap and what their levels are._

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Run `git clone https://github.com/Lilkgb/react-template` in your terminal of choice_
* _Navigate to where you put the folder inside your terminal and run `npm install`_
* _After the install is complete you can run `npm run start` to see a live version of the website._


## Known Bugs

_If you run `npm run lint` on pc you will get `Expected linebreaks to be 'LF' but found 'CRLF'`. It doesn't break the code and will still run correctly when you run `npm run start`_

## Support and contact details

_Please contact Ryan McLean at rmcleandev@gmail.com_

## Technologies Used

_scss_
_Webpack_
_React_
_eslint_
_AOS_

### License

*This Software is Licensed under the MIT License.*

Copyright (c) 2019 **_Ryan McLean_**
